All righty, so taking a look
at our development process,
so now we'll focus on step two
of installing the Bootstrap CSS styles locally using npm.
Okay, so let's go ahead and swing in here.
Let's open up Visual Studio code,
and let's also open up a new terminal window.
And so make sure you're in the angular-ecommerce directory.
Let me expand my window here for a second.
And so I'll go through and do an npm install on Bootstrap.
So this will install the latest version of Bootstrap.
And notice here it said it found
three moderate security vulnerabilities.
Interesting.
You may see this, you may not.
This changes on a daily basis or a weekly basis
because these are all fast-moving projects.
But the nice thing here is that in my case,
it says, hey, there's an issue,
and then here's how to fix it.
So I can fix this by saying, npm audit fix.
And again, you may see this issue, you may not,
depending on the actual version of Bootstrap
that's available at the time
that you perform your installation.
Okay, great, so if you look at the bottom here,
it says that it fixed three of the three vulnerabilities
in those given packages.
So those issues are resolved, good job.
And there's one more thing I want to do.
I want to install the font awesome locally using npm.
Now, this one's a little bit tricky
'cause the spelling's a little different.
So when you install font awesome,
you have to say at fort awesome.
So that's F-O-R-T, fort awesome.
That's not a typo, all right?
Then slash font awesome.
F-O-N-T.
Again, make sure you get the spelling just right.
fontawesome-free.
So they simply have a unique entry in the npm registry.
So they use @fortawesome/fontawesome.
Let's go ahead and verify the entries
in the node_modules directory.
So this is where npm installs
all of those dependencies for you.
So we'll kind of explore a bit.
So I have my project here.
I can move onto the node_modules folder,
and scroll down a bit, and I should see
a folder called bootstrap.
So that's where the Bootstrap files were installed.
So there's bootstrap, dist, css,
and then you can give a reference
to the appropriate Bootstrap CSS.
And then also, we have a reference up top
for this @fortawesome.
F-O-R-T, slash fontawesome-free.
And then we can see the appropriate CSS files.
And I'll show you how to get this all hooked in in a second.
We can also verify the entries in the packge.json.
So the package.json is almost like your Maven pom.xml file
for you Java types out there.
So this lists all of the dependencies
that your Angular project requires.
So in this package.json,
let me kind of scroll down a bit.
All of our dependencies here.
And then we'll see that we have two new entries here
on lines 22 and 23.
@fortawesome and also bootstrap.
Now, your version numbers will most likely differ
because new versions of these projects
are released on a very frequent basis.